Update inline-pr-comments.md (#1483)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-cloud-platform/inline-pr-comments.md

## Avoiding excessive inline comments

> For rules with several findings in the same PR or MR, inline comments for every individual finding occupy a significant amount of space without providing much additional information. Therefore, if the same finding occurs more than five times in a PR or MR, the related comment is posted as a summary (overall) comment. Findings grouped together into a summary comment can only be triaged in the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For rules with several findings in the same PR or MR, inline comments for every individual finding occupy a significant amount of space without providing much additional information. Therefore, if the same finding occurs more than five times in a PR or MR, the related comment is posted as a summary (overall) comment. Findings grouped together into a summary comment can only be triaged in Semgrep Cloud Platform.
```
